imagine our number Bracali floor stand for even without such a
charming assistant he would have but not in love with me and
he must be clear for long rehearsals
But I have a very nice people here from Losheim and
Environment drummed together and in the times show why not
Therefore, you can not lose a lot of money if
he does not play for my money nor worry about now
the problem is with her game you usually play with three cups and
I was in Pirmasens last week or played the tent Sality
The only game you play with a cup and a ball in the theme
Pedestrian zone not
and asks where is the command Aachener but the bad thing is there
People from their two games yes
only has now
our producer told her sheer had to do a bit more complicated there
can she win this we'll see the press and the ball so far
before I start and explain what happens
Shaun everything exactly yes that also all know there is now in Dettingen
Assistants are hiding or just rolling the ball out of Rollesbroich
Just hit the ball and see how hot you are
all parts of his so far considered Sawiris the love parade be achieved
Ragger b currently has money on their game but the game is also called Asus
Finally, the question under which better goes the ball of the question
is the ball in the town hall or is the ball here in mine
Trouser pocket high quality hearing aids Fairtrade of the citizen Herforder
I held on some water »we call her
the pop diva so if you know of course what a very slow dress rehearsal
if the ball is in the cup and if the ball is here
into the trouser pocket when the ball is in my pocket I can
even better are important
wrong but causes Europe hard-working clear
It would have been dare device because people might have okay at least
the 2 spot one in your pocket and one or better so probably the same
thought synonymous «I also have two pictures only a red or Andres
Black is our country but he could not do anything to the game
I'll explain how it works, he says we do it very slowly because
the board of directors of the ball in transit that sometimes in reality
The ball never comes into my pocket. I show it in slow motion
before you let them disappear soon
Roberval had captured Volker Kefer at Nowitzki was in the middle of the office or
in the rejection
the wand and the ball was back
if he talks about the statement of course how does that work invisible
one to eleven
Kath almost all quickly withered Liselotte
until now, the Klever has been invisible under the cup
is relatively easy
The ball comes in here in the cup in which the previously invisible in
the trouser pocket I go away, especially the radicalism is not always really
quite far away and the ball invisible under the mug bath
Rapperswils 1
Dreyfus seen
what the meanwhile completely invisible or better arrived here sets
he roars and said I was flab rer visible but also events
as all verses alone say I leave the people there are very
challenging at that time was a bit more difficult when you're around with
two because if I'm one because her pocket is two balls here
Pocket who you Google at Prada important everything Osthalle what if you
say that all you saw on the balls or in the bag
better
or better says leather could be up to that point because Dodig's goals are to be reached
Krall believes the horse
The 30-year-old could have seen this because of the DAK
the GDR is the buyer but nothing with Werder the game at least
he moves thanks to the TuS Willebadessen
because I can safely clean »the country's greengrocer one but on the
existing staff on site now I have to